This page is a preliminary documentation on Version 2.0 of Grappelli. The behaviour can slightly change within the next couple of weeks.<br>
*Feedback is very much appreciated.*
<br><br>
----
<br>
=Django Issues=
There´s a whole lot of unresolved Django Issues concerning the Admin-Interface. I´ve listed just a couple of issues [djangoissues here]. E.g., don´t blame us if you don´t see a Unicode representation near an M2M raw-id-field.
<br><br>
----
<br>
=Release Notes=
Here´s a list with the most important changes:
  * Refactored Stylesheets (including re-writing lots of stuff).
  * CSS cleanup (decoupled styles from Djangos original stylesheets).
  * Removed all Background-Images (excluding Icons). Note: With using Safari, you still have the option of Gradients.
  * Removed almost every !important within Stylesheets.
  * Some Template Changes: Most notable within the Changelist, where we´ve decided to move all Search/Filter functions to the Sidebar.
  * Icon Updates.
  * TinyMCE Skin Update.
  * Updated to work with Django 1.1.
  * Removed the need for additional context-processors.
  * Updated Bookmark functionality.
  * Cancel-Button on delete confirmation.

Still TODO:
  * Styling the Documentation.
  * Styling the Help-Section.
  * Update Change-Password Site as well as Login/Logout.
  * Some js-cleanup.
  * Translation/i18n.
  * Testing.
<br>
----
<br>
=Requirements=
  * Django 1.1
<br>
----
<br>
=Installation=

  # *Download Grappelli*
    Install Grappelli anywhere on your python-path.
{{{
svn checkout http://django-grappelli.googlecode.com/svn/branches/grappelli_2 grappelli
}}}
  # *Add Grappelli to your INSTALLED APPS*
    Open your projects settings-file (settings.py) and add Grappelli to your INSTALLED APPS.
{{{
INSTALLED_APPS = (
    ...
    'grappelli',
)
}}}
  # *Change urls.py*
    Add Grappelli to your url-definitions.
{{{
(r'^grappelli/', include('grappelli.urls')),
}}}
  # *Change grappelli/settings.py*
    Take a look at the available grappelli-settings and change them (if needed).
  # *Sync your Database*
    Run the Django 'syncdb' command to create the appropriate tables.
{{{
python manage.py syncdb
}}}
    _This will create the tables for Bookmarks, Help & Navigation._
  # *Optional: Load Fixtures*
    It´s recommended to load some initial data.
{{{
python manage.py loaddata grappelli_navigation.json --settings=settings
python manage.py loaddata grappelli_help.json --settings=settings
}}}
    _Note that the Admin-Links within the Fixtures begin with /admin/ ... if your Admin-Interface is accessible via a different URL, you have to change this (either change the json-files before loading or change the URLs afterwards)._
  # *Add context-processors*
    Open your projects settings-file (settings.py) and add the Grappelli context-processor. This is necessary to get the right URLs for related lookups (if the related object is registered with a different admin site object).
{{{
TEMPLATE_CONTEXT_PROCESSORS = (
    "django.core.context_processors.auth",
    "grappelli.context_processors.admin",
)
}}}
  # *Copy media*
    Copy the Contents of folder /media/ to your media-directory. Alternatively, you might want to use a symlink.
{{{
cp -R /path/to/grappelli/media /path/to/your/media admin
}}}
    _ Note: If possible, avoid using /django/contrib/admin/media/ as your media directory (since it will break future django-updates)._<br>
    _If your ADMIN_MEDIA_PREFIX is /media/admin/ (for example), you need a directory   "admin" within your media-directory. Inside of /admin/, you need all media-files available with Grappelli._
  # *Copy Admin-Templates*
    Copy the folder /templates/admin to your template-directory.
{{{
cp -R /path/to/grappelli/templates/admin /path/to/your/templates admin
}}}
    In order to overwrite the original admin-templates you need to make sure that your TEMPLATE_LOADERS are looking at the Filesystem first:
{{{
TEMPLATE_LOADERS = (
    'django.template.loaders.filesystem.load_template_source',
    'django.template.loaders.app_directories.load_template_source',
)
}}}
    _This step is necessary in order to overwrite Djangos Admin-Templates._
<br>
----
<br>
=Setup & Functionality=

Please take a look at the other Wiki-Pages. What´s described there should still be valid.