=Javascript Documentation=

This page gives you basic information about the !JavaScript code of grappelli.

==Loading Order==

Here I try to explain what JS files grappelli loads, and a short description which code is executed onReady/onLoad.

You can always (re)check this yourself by using firebugs _Net_ tab selecting _JS_. Which is highly recommended, because it often depends on your configuration (Model, !AdminModel, tinymce setup, admin_tools, filebrowser,...) which js-files are loaded.

 * `media/admin/jquery/jquery-1.4.2.min.js`
 * `media/admin/jquery/ui/js/jquery-ui-1.8.custom.min.js`
   * datepicker functionality
 * `media/admin/js/grappelli.init.js`
   * assigns `jQuery.noConflict(true)` to `django.jQuery`
 * `media/admin/js/grappelli.timepicker.js`
   * grappellis timepicker (ui.widget)
 * `media/admin/js/grappelli.RelatedObjectLookups.js`
   * js magic for raw_id_field, m2m_fields, generic_foreign_key,...
   * onReady
     * assigns event listeners
     * makes dom maipulation for html which is hardcoded in django.contrib.admin's python code
 * `media/admin/js/grappelli.min.js`
   * collapsibles, dom hacks, date- and timepicker
   * onLoad:
     * initHacks: i.e. drops text after DateFields (hardcoded in django.contib.admin's python code)
     * initCollapsibles: assigns event listeners to collapse handlers. some "special" behavior for collapsibles in header menu (admin_tools only).
     * initDateTimePicker: adds dom and assigns events to Date- and TimeField
 * `media/admin/js/core.js`
   * from django.contrib.admin. no customizations.
 * `media/admin/js/admin/RelatedObjectLookups.js`
   * empty to prevent 404. see grappelli.RelatedObjectLookups.js.
 * `admin/jsi18n/`
   * from django.contib.admin. no customizations.
 * `media/admin/js/jquery.min.js`
   * empty to prevent 404. grappelli "own" jQuery is all we need.
 * `media/admin/js/jquery.init.js`
   * empty to prevent 404. see grappelli.init.js.
 * `media/admin/js/actions.min.js`
   * empty to prevent 404. see grappelli.change_list.js.
 * `media/admin/js/urlify.js`
   * from django.contrib.admin. no customizations.
 * `media/admin/js/prepopulate.min.js`
   * empty to prevent 404.
 * `media/admin/tinymce/jscripts/tiny_mce/tiny_mce.js`
   * see tinymce docu
 * `media/admin/tinymce_setup/tinymce_setup.js`
   * basic tinymce setup shipped with grappelli. see tinymce docu for further customizations.
 * `media/admin/js/calendar.js`
   * empty to prevent 404. see ui.widget datepicker.
 * `media/admin/js/admin/DateTimeShortcuts.js`
   * from django.contrib.admin. no customizations.
 * `media/admin/js/grappelli.change_list.js`
   * ui.widget. handles js magic in change_list (actions, filter, search,...)
   * onReady (call in change_list.html):
     * assigns events to actions checkboxes, filter dropdown, search field,...
     * makes dom/css manipulations to make grid flexible
 * `media/admin/tinymce/jscripts/tiny_mce/*`
   * all kinds of tiny_mce language and plugin files are loaded at last (caption obvious: if tiny_mce field is in the page only.)